hey there in this video I'm going to
share with you 12 ideas of things that
you can send to your email marketing
list now before we even get into this
list let me remind you or let me tell
you for the first time if you've never
heard it before an email list is
arguably the most valuable thing that
you can have as an online business owner
especially if you're someone who's
trying to grow on social media and
without making this a full rant because
you're here for ideas so hopefully you
already know the value of an email list
you don't own your social media
followers if the algorithms change if
the app's shut down if your account gets
hacked you lose access to every single
person who's decided to follow you and
if your only way to get your customers
attention is because they follow you on
social media then that's a really really
risky thing to do now one last thing
before we get into this list I want to
encourage you to sign up for my email
list there should be a link somewhere up
here or it's also down in the
description of this YouTube video and
it's email brock.com if you go to email
brock.com you can sign up for my
newsletter speaking of newsletters idea
number one of something that you can
regularly send to your email list is
newsletters in these newsletters it can
be news about you as the creator of the
entrepreneur it can be news related to
your industry it could be news that's
important for your audience to hear but
just General weekly updates idea number
two breaking news now this might not
necessarily apply to every industry but
most Industries have some sort of
breaking news whether it's news on
celebrities in the industry news on
changes within the industry or just
headlines that relate to what's going on
in your industry or Niche if you are
someone who breaks that news or explains
that news to your email list subscribers
that can be a very valuable way to
contact them idea number three again
similar to number one and number two but
it's breaking down popular events you
could also break down popular events
through the guise of your industry for
example let's think about the World Cup
while the World Cup might not
necessarily directly relate to social
media growth I could talk about the
World Cup and maybe analyze the way
different countries are approaching it
from a social media perspective I could
send out an email breaking down the
different Instagram strategies used by
some of the world's biggest soccer stars
and yes I'm from the US so I call it
soccer breaking down popular events is a
great way to stay relevant and provide
valuable information for your email list
idea number four put together
compilations of your own best content my
mom used to send out a weekly email to
her email list which was called her
snapshot and basically the snapshot
picked out her best piece of content
from the week whether it was a podcast a
YouTube video an Instagram reel an
Instagram story or anything else and it
highlighted it in a YouTube video and
the benefit of this is that of course
not all of your email list subscribers
are going to follow you on every single
social media channel and all of your
followers aren't going to see all of
your best content but because this
snapshot was her best content it was
something that had already proven that
it would be interesting to people who
were interested in her and so because it
performed well as social media content
it was likely going to perform well as
email content as well idea number five
is an explanation of your content some
of us are in the educational industry
history or where educational
entrepreneurs where we share tips and
advice and oftentimes our posts just
don't do it justice sometimes we can
only fit so much information in our
YouTube videos or in our Instagram
captions so you might want to explain a
little bit more in an email this would
also be a great opportunity to promote
your email list you could say hey here
are the top five tips for strengthening
your pelvic floor but tips number four
and five are actually saved for my email
list and they'll be sent out in an email
broadcast on Friday and then you could
encourage people to sign up for your
email list to get those two bonus tips
speaking of tips idea number six is tips
education and just general advice now of
course again this might not be the
perfect fit for every industry but if
you're someone who's an info
entrepreneur or you share education then
of course continuing to share those tips
and advice via email is a great way to
serve your audience idea number seven is
sales and promotions and I want to make
sure that that distinction is clear so
far these first six ideas could be used
to lead into some sort of sale or
promotion they could be used to direct
people to a link but that's not
necessary I think that oftentimes as
entrepreneurs we overwhelm ourselves
trying to constantly sell and promote
things and especially within email
marketing there's this idea that every
email has to sell or it has to send
people to some sort of Link or landing
page and I just don't believe that's
true I've seen much better open rates
and much better click-through rates by
consistently serving my audience
consistently educating them consistently
giving them free tips and free advice
and then occasionally selling that way
they have my trust they look to me as an
expert and they flat out open my emails
because they don't have to worry about
being sold to every dang time but idea
number seven is probably the most
regularly practiced form of email
marketing which is using email marketing
to do exactly that to Market to sell or
to promote something my bonus tip for
you here is to remember that you don't
always have to sell something that you
directly are benefiting from sometimes
you should probably promote products
that you don't necessarily get any
Kickback from you're not even an
affiliate for you're just promoting a
product because you you think would be
beneficial for your audience speaking of
Affiliates sometimes you should promote
products that you're an affiliate for so
it's not something that you've directly
created but when people click on the
link in your email then you're going to
get credit for that idea number eight is
ideas related to your Niche now maybe
this is workout ideas maybe this is
ideas for email marketing like this
video maybe this is trending sounds on
Instagram maybe this is ideas on how to
tidy up your kitchen after the holidays
people love free ideas I'm all for
teaching a man to fish but I also know a
lot of people just want to be handed a
fish idea number nine is a strategy that
I use all the time and it's quick and
simple Greetings or reminders oftentimes
I send people one sentence emails that
just say hey I hope you have a great
weekend or hey I know that growing on
social media can be tough but I want you
to know that I'm proud of you and it's
amazing to see how many people will
respond to those emails not just open
them but respond to them and say thank
you so much for this Brock this really
means a lot I'm going through a tough
time right now so use your email
marketing to not just Market not just
teach and promote and share tips and
advice and ideas but also use your email
marketing to treat people like real
human beings reach out and just tell
them that you appreciate them that
you're thankful for them or that you're
thinking of them and you'd be surprised
the difference that this will make in
your bottom line idea number 10 is
templates and examples again people love
free stuff people love being able to
just plug in things really fast and move
right along with their day without
having to do the work of coming up with
ideas themselves so if you can provide
people with pre-made templates or
examples related to your Niche or
industry that can be really valuable
idea number 11 is testimonials and of
course testimonials are a great way to
promote and sell things but testimonials
are also just a great way to tell
stories and to allow your audience to
start to learn more about your product
or offer without necessarily directly
having to buy or without having to hear
about it from you the creator of the
product idea number 12 is to use your
email marketing kind of like a Blog
talking about your own life telling your
own stories sharing your own lessons
that you've learned throughout whatever
it is that you do for a living or
whatever it is that people are
subscribing to your email list for but
storytelling can be a great way to get
people to actually read through your
emails and attention grabbing subject
line and a powerful opening sentence can
hook readers in so that the next thing
you know they're reading through your
entire email as if it was a novel or an
article that they were super excited to
read give one of these ideas a try on
your next email broadcast and let me
know down in the comments if there's any
ideas that you have that I didn't
mention in this video thanks so much for
watching